I normally enter into these sorts of
discussions with the caveat that I'm
neither trying to hate on the player nor
hate on the game but in many ways the
point of this video is precisely to hate
on both the player in the game um this
has only happened to me twice well I've
been in China but even so that's a
remarkably pine number when you consider
that I do not I don't meet women at bars
I mean look today in the afternoon I
opened up my phone and I see I've got a
text message from 2 a.m. the night
before i barely use my phone I basically
use my phone only to communicate with my
teacher and my employer so like my phone
would not be on at two o'clock in the
morning and also by the way I managed to
avoid ever owning or using a cellular
phone until it was 37 years of age
something I was very proud of a winning
streak I would have gladly continued but
moving to China I was absolutely forced
to start using a cellular phone not
worth explaining my so I got this I got
this message that look from this
beautiful young woman at you a.m. last
night like yo yo yeah were you at you
busy I heights in English to most the
time she and I talked in in Chinese it's
like yeah yeah actually you know I got
this text message I was just escorting
this guy named the penguin to
Commissioner Gordon's police station and
you know like later on I was gonna meet
up with my old friend the Joker oh yeah
sorry no I'm not Batman so at two
o'clock in the morning I'm not really
that busy why are you asking and in both
cases I mean this happened to me a
little while ago a totally different
woman and totally respectable woman to
like these are not I don't I don't go to
bars I don't drink alcohol but i also
just don't you know the type of women I
meet this other woman who I was
interested in because a study of
languages in common and educational
background in common she had a master's
degree in linguistics
testing person interesting respectable
woman and as I recall oh no no no that's
her I thought she was over 30 she was
actually younger than I thought she was
so I actually miss Josie so whatever
she's in her mid 20s um you know sent me
a message that this is a different woman
a couple weeks ago so yo like you up
were you at you busy it's like 2am this
message no I mean and then in both cases
like the next day or a couple days later
when I write to them it's like lamest
excuse I met just own it like I don't
know what what you want to meet me for
at two o'clock in the morning you want
me to is this is only two examples
neither one of these woman would ever
meet me during broad daylight at a
coffee shop but you're writing to me at
two o'clock in the morning for what you
know like I'm hating the player and I'm
hating the game because in both cases so
like last night was a Friday night at
2am the scenario I imagine is in both
cases even though there's a couple weeks
apart these otherwise respectable
intelligent beautiful women who have so
much going for them and you know and
we're not dating we're not in a
relationship these are not women I've
even been on one date with I think
they're out with their female friends
that's the thing is there's a group of
females there at the table there
drinking beer together or they're
drinking whatever godforsaken Chinese
vodka they're drinking and they get the
giggles and I think like the group
dynamic like makes them feel a little
bit more self-confident or something one
of those like hey what about that white
guy you said you were chasing why don't
you call him up why don't you go after
him that's the scenario I imagine and
then like the next day they've lost this
self-confidence they've lost the you
know they've lost the spirit at the
moment and it's just like some lame
use like oh yeah I was just I was just
wanting to have a conversation with you
at 2am in the hotel lobby or some shit
you know what I mean it's like um I'll
just transition into a related topic
here related but not the same topic
culturally when a Chinese woman is
trying to seal the deal now this is not
a hundred percent tradesman but this is
a this is trying this is guidance the
chinese mothers gives the chinese
daughters a lot of chinese women will
say nothing about themselves they'll sit
there they'll stare into your eyes and
they'll tell you the man that you're
wonderful they'll tell you great things
about yourself they'll indicate how
interested they are they'll indicate
that want to get into a taxi or whatever
but like they'll tell you nothing about
themselves one of the most extreme
examples this happened to me this is
back in like two thousand eight and I
sat down and I was really happy to see
an old friend of mine he's an old friend
I might see him again nail this year in
china but um he's an old white guy he's
over 50 i was just really happy to see
him and talk about politics with him or
get caught up with him but I I was
really happy to meet him and I really
didn't care and didn't want to notice
that there was this Chinese woman
sitting to the side he was very
good-looking who was relentlessly
hitting on me like really heavily
hitting on me but she was doing this
thing that to me is culturally she
didn't tell me anything about herself
she did not tell me like so you could be
anybody to me you're a complete stranger
and she was asking me questions about
myself and my background and my research
and she was telling me how wonderful
that was that she was indicating as
absolutely blatantly as possible that
she wanted me to put her into a taxi I'm
like you know I'm happy to meet my old
friend like I'm not at you you know I
don't know anything like she's
good-looking but so what I knew
absolutely nothing interesting about her
I had no reason you know you could be
anybody to me but that is a really
strange culture conditioning of them not
talking about themselves and I think so
i talked about this much any teacher i
think part of
in terms of cultural programming is that
like their their mothers tell them uh
like you'll turn the man off like if you
talk about yourself it'll seem arrogant
or it all um or it'll just provide you
with information that biases him against
you like you'll you'll make you won't
make the decision you want him to make
because he knows too much I / me for
whatever the reason is a lot of chinese
mothers tell their does when you really
want a guy you say nothing about
yourself you only answer questions that
he puts to you and even then you just
answer directly so the man asked what's
your job you just tell them the job and
that's it no other information don't
complain about your job don't complete
it but how you hate your boss don't
complain about how you have a fight with
a bitch at work who sits in the cubicle
next you know give him nothing don't
tell them anything about yourself just
tell him you want to get in the fucking
taxi so again obviously this is not a
hundred percent Chinese women and I meet
a lot of very unusual Chinese women cuz
I meet women with PhDs and women at the
university I meet women to that library
I don't go to bars I don't meet the kind
of women who hang out at bars I don't
read the kind of women who chase
foreigners I don't you know ah but that
that particular girl that example where
again I was happy to be my friend she's
sitting over here and she's really
throwing herself at me and she like one
of the things they'll do when they
really want to seal the deal now they'll
employ other people to try to force you
into it so like she's asking her friend
to get at me on her behalf and there was
this other dude and she was having him
translate chinese into english like you
know so yeah I get the message but I
don't know you I don't like you I don't
know anything positive about you you
know and I'm obviously obviously she's
not vegan so like a week later I do know
some people in common with her this this
this woman like it turned out like you
know whatever six degrees of separation
some of them yeah you remember that girl
the one you didn't sleep with yeah
so she has an interesting story thing
one she's a lawyer from Beijing Wow okay
so she studied the law lives in the
capital city probably interested in
politics probably interested in human
rights probably interesting conversation
app okay well you could have told me
that thing to her whole family is Muslim
she's at ethnically Chinese Muslim you
know in terms of her face she's
completely ethnically Chinese she's not
Central Asian but she was one of these
Muslims who rebelled against the
conservatism of her family Wow okay
interesting can I have a fucking
conversation but like yeah like you
think so if you're a lawyer like this
well okay I understand if you have a job
you're ashamed of I understand but like
so you're a lawyer you come from an
interesting place you do interesting
things and you think it works in your
favor to remain anonymous like when
you're hitting on me like like as if
you're more attractive if I regard you
as a blank sheet of paper about whom I
know nothing you could be anybody well
what could be more seductive than a
blank sheet of paper like a totally
unknown totally undistinguished person
anyway whatever man some of you I
remember uh soy to luda she thinks life
is paradise in Asia if you're a white
man living is not is not paradise and
and low-key I think the thing with the
the text messages at 2am I think it is a
prejudice about white man i think it is
like oh hey all i gotta do is send this
guy a text message at 2am nope and in
both cases you know we'll talk with both
of those women I meet people I mean if
you guys don't notice with my mo I meet
people with an open heart and an open
mind and i always say look i need
friends I don't really need a girlfriend
I don't really need a love affair if
we're going to be just friends that's
fine that's cool
so I just meet people if I know who they
are finding what we got in common
findable we can build on and if it turns
out to be platonic turns out to be just
a friendship great I need more friends
nothing wrong with that um but in both
cases at the 2 a.m. text message it
ended up destroying any possibility of
just being friends because I don't play
games I'm like hey hey you know you sent
me that text message you interrupted me
when I was punching out the Joker when
me and Robin when our way to
Commissioner home what you think I
didn't pretend i didn't know i didn't
notice you sent me that at 2am like and
then you know the pride thing comes in
like she doesn't want to admit that she
played that card when she did and you
know now you can't be just friends cuz
her egos in the way hating the player
and hating the game break it all my own
moves the old rules here people I'm
breaking all comfortable hope you get a
kick out of it